when Joseph fell on his father's face
and wept over him and kissed him and
Joseph commanded his servants the
physicians to embalm his father so the
physicians embalmed Israel forty days
were required for him for such other
days required for those who are involved
and the Egyptians mourned for him
seventy days now when the days of his
mourning were passed Joseph spoke to the
household of Pharaoh if now I have found
favor in your eyes please speak in the
hearing of Pharaoh saying my father made
me swear saying behold I am dying in my
grave which I dug for myself in the land
of Canaan there you shall bury me now
therefore please let me go up and bury
my father and I will come back
and Pharaoh said and go up and bear your
father as he made you swear so Joseph
went up to bury his father and with him
went up all the servants of Pharaoh the
elders of his house and all the elders
of the land of Egypt as well as all the
house of Joseph his brothers and his
father's house only their little ones
their flocks and their herds they left
in the land of Goshen
there went up with him with chariots and
horsemen and it was a very great
gathering then they came to the
threshing floor of a town which is
beyond the Jordan and they mourn there
with a great and very solemn lamentation
he observed seven days of mourning for
his farm and when the inhabitants of the
land
the Canaanites saw the morning of a
threshing floor of atad
they said this is a deep mourning of the
Egyptians therefore its name was called
Abel miss rayon which is beyond the
Jordan
so his sons did for him just as he had
commanded them for his sons carried him
to the land of Canaan and buried him in
the cave of the field of Machpelah
before memory which Abraham bought with
the field from Ephraim the hid act as
property for a burial place
and after he had buried his father
Joseph returned to Egypt he and his
brothers and all who went up with him to
bury his father when Joseph's brothers
saw that their father was dead
they said perhaps Joseph will hate us
and may actually repay us for all the
evil which we did to him so they sent
messengers to Joseph before your father
died he commanded saying thus you shall
say to Joseph I beg you please forgive
the trespass of your brothers and their
sin for they did evil to you now please
forgive the trespass of the servants of
the god of your father
[Music]
and Joseph wept when they spoke to him
then his brothers also went and fell
down before his face because we are your
servants do not be afraid for am I in
the place of God but as for you you
meant evil against me but God meant it
for good in order to bring it about as
it is this day to save many people alive
now therefore do not be afraid I will
provide for you and your little ones and
he comforted them and spoke kindly to
them
so Joseph dwelt in Egypt he and his
father's household and Joseph lived one
hundred and ten years Joseph saw
efrain's children - the third generation
the children of making of a son of a
NASA were also brought up on Joseph's
needs
and Joseph said to his brethren I am
dying but God will surely visit you and
bring you out of this land to the land
of which he swore to Abraham to Isaac
and to Jacob
then Joseph took an oath from the
children of Israel God will surely visit
you and you shall carry up my bonus from
here so Joseph died being 110 years old
and they embalmed him and he was put in
a coffin in Egypt
[Music]
you